hi everyone
i'm paige i started a grad job in
insurance consulting last month
and welcome to a very busy day in my
life of meetings and training sessions
i logged on at nine o'clock and quickly
responded to a couple of skype or teams
messages from colleagues
nothing overly important just quick
queries and good morning messages
we use skype and teams messenger as a
more informal way
of communicating i then opened up my
diary just to remind myself of the tasks
and commitments i had that day
i'd made my to-do list at the end of the
previous day so i could get started
quickly
here i'm sending a message to the it
team who had been very kindly helping me
out with some tech
issues in a nutshell i was struggling to
install a piece of software that i
needed for my work
so i put in an extra request for
assistance
for one of my ongoing projects we'll
call it project a
we're expecting client data to come in
which we're going to use to forecast
their future insurance claims amongst
other things it's quite a tight time
frame to get the work done
so here i'm checking to see if the data
had been uploaded yet so i could make a
start
but unfortunately it hadn't come in yet
it's still a waiting game
then it was time to read and respond to
emails this is an activity i do
every single morning it varies as to how
many emails i receive but on this
particular day i have
so many emails to respond to i also use
this time to respond to calendar
invites so people know if i can attend
their meetings and training sessions
some of the emails contained
action points so i made sure to write
them down in my diary
at 9 30 i had a kickoff call for my
second project
we'll call it project b and this was
where the scope and timelines for the
project were all laid out by the project
lead
it's a project team of four people with
me being the most junior member
responsible for the data processing the
end product will be a full reserve
review for the client
basically advising them on whether the
money they've set aside for paying out
claims is sufficient
at 10 o'clock i had another call
scheduled i did my usual routine of
turning the camera on checking i looked
okay turning the camera off turning the
microphone off
and then joining the meeting i turned
the video back on when i got into the
call and made sure i wasn't the only one
with my camera on
this particular call was an excellent
talk being given to
all the new grads all about best
practice sticking to company policy
ensuring our work is high quality and
meets the standards expected of us by
the company
this was just one of our many training
sessions organized by hr
i jotted down notes as necessary and
then once the talk was over i got out my
diary and made sure to tick it off my
to-do list to keep myself on track
at 11 o'clock it was time for my coffee
break i opted for a latte
macchiato caramel i also got myself a
couple of homemade vanilla buns
these are what get me and my mum through
the working week
i did some more admin while i had my
coffee in particular responding to an
email my line manager sent me
organizing an impromptu cap top meeting
at 1 30 that day
the day was shaping up to be much busier
than expected
at 11 30 i had another call and i
decided to put on my headset for this
one
it was a study talk which was being
given to all of us new grads who are
planning on taking
the actuarial exams the company study
mentors talked us through the institute
and faculty of actuaries requirements to
qualify as a fellow
and also the company study policy and
study tips
it was supposed to be an hour but it did
overrun slightly
i quickly filed my notes away and then
headed down
for lunch i opted to put a bread roll in
the oven and heat up some soup
i was planning on taking 45 minutes for
lunch
but then things didn't quite go to plan
at about 12
45 i rushed to answer my phone because
it were calling me to help me out with
my software
download issues i didn't want to miss
their call because i really needed this
software downloaded for the next day
while they took over control of my
computer and tried to fix my
issue i decided to jot down some notes
in preparation for my meeting with my
line manager
just so i didn't forget to bring up
anything important
after half an hour or so it spoke to me
again and said they hadn't had any luck
and promised to help me out later not
ideal
but first thing on my mind was quick
let's get food i only had 10 minutes
until i was expected to be on the phone
with my line manager
so i quickly threw together my soup and
bread i didn't end up having time to eat
but at least i made it back to my desk
in time for 1
30. it was nice to catch up with my line
manager as she'd been out of the office
for about a week
and then i fed back to her on some work
she'd given me we'll call it project c
myself and another new grad had been
helping my line manager
collate survey responses for a top
secret project that i can't say much
about
luckily my line manager was impressed
with the work we've done
and then i dialed off and i finally had
time to have some food
i left the camera off during my next
call so i could keep eating while
listening
this was templates and editorial
training for all the new grads
showing us how to present our work in
accordance with the company brand
there's so much new information to take
in at the moment so i
listened carefully and took notes as
always
at three o'clock one of my colleagues
messaged me to see if i was free to chat
to which i said yes sure i have 10
minutes
this was a colleague who i'm working
with on project a
and she decided to give me some further
instructions on updates that needed
doing to a few of the excel workbooks
which i'm getting prepped to have
new client data fed into them it was
also an opportunity to have a little
chat and see how each other's day was
going which was nice
at 3 15 i needed to drop a message to
my fellow new grad who i'm working with
on project c
this was just to keep her in the loop
after the update i'd given to my line
manager earlier in the day
and to make her aware that our work was
going to be reviewed that evening
at 3 30 i had a whole team meeting for
project a like project b it's a reserve
review but this one is slightly bigger
and it's done
quarterly and i'll be working on it
every quarter going forward
as i'm new to the team there's lots to
learn about the clients so i took some
notes during this call
[Music]
at four o'clock i finally had a spare
moment to talk to it again
it's a bit tricky to get work done when
it are working on your computer
so i just tried to keep myself busy by
filing papers
filling out my diary that sort of thing
and then
they messaged me to say that they'd had
success installing the software
so i was very happy about that at this
point i started looking into
the updates i needed to make to the
project axl files
the workbooks are massive and have lots
of complicated
formulae in them so it takes a while to
get your head round
i eventually managed to pinpoint which
columns needed updating and
made notes for myself to follow the next
day
at 4 30 it was time for my final call of
the day
and this was with a colleague who is
working with me on project b
since the kickoff meeting had literally
been that morning i hadn't done
any work on it yet so this call was
mostly an introduction to the project
an opportunity for me to ask questions
and generally an overview of the work
i'm going to be doing
rather handily a lot of it was very
similar to the work i'd already been
doing on project a
so i'm already starting to become more
comfortable with the
insurance terms the reserving terms and
also
the company software i am getting much
more confident at using
there was a lot to discuss so the call
did go on for about an
hour i'd usually finish at five but on
this particular day i did run on to 5
30. i made sure to write my to-do list
for the next day
and also to do one last check of my
email so that i wasn't missing any
urgent messages
i suddenly received a skype message from
another colleague who said
what are you still doing online why are
you still logged on
it made me laugh it really is nice that
they check
up on new grads and don't encourage you
to work overtime
and finally it was time to shut my
laptop i was done for the day and my
gosh
it was a busy day then my dog came to
greet me who had just arrived home with
my dad
thanks for watching guys like and
subscribe if you enjoyed and i'll see
you soon with another video
bye
you